This is my walk, that's it. I'm not sure I'm going to...when I show this I'm not going to...I'm not
sure I'm going to be hired!
But you're going to have this each hour, I mean how much?
[Applause]
Thank you. This is a...I mean I put all the kirumud you do. This is mainly I designed this for the
kirumud you're doing.
But also I designed a kurda in the Great Basho Mohoramudi, this instruction in Dessatici, so I try
to follow with that, and all these different mantras as he instructed.
So that's what really I follow with that. And then also this center is the...this big part is the k
irumud, his dreams, that he had this dream about 1991 in Florida,
sometimes in early morning. So that means just around 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning he said he
dreamed this, and he woke up, he felt so happy,
and he remembered still that was the dream, the time. And he saw, he said in each direction, there
's beautiful sun is rising, and there's maybe 7 or 9 horsemen is coming.
And they are all singing these prayers, singing, and he came toward him and the karmos kind of dev
oured to him.
And then he felt so happy that moment he woke up. The moment he woke up he remembered that he's
kind of something really significant.
So then he wrote the dawn, which is about 6 lines, which is a bigger part in that aspect that I
wrote, wrote that.
And it is kind of a little bit complicated, but it's very beautiful meaning, beautiful meaning, and
say that, and that, that roughly translation.
And this is where the Dokam, the east, east where there is a beautiful land of the rich, perfectly
jeweled, and where is a beautiful sound of the clothes of the joy.
And the banner of the joy is raising, and that which will dominate the entire city, this universe,
and that is the power and the amazing of the Dabla,
or the warrior deities of the Kesa, I think. That will remain inseparably with the crown of the
warrior horse.
How wonderful, I mean, how beautiful. And that is really the roughly translation of this word
meaning.
And so, here we had this in the cabin. The cabin, you can hang up that, and then I just thought to
make this a prayer place, and make all the beautiful wishes.
And the wishes to follow all the wishes of the great master lineages, and as well as our inspir
ations, thoughts.
And then follow the essence, called the Muramudya instructions.
And then I, I mean, he should write, here is, I, he should have the Garuda, actually.
And here he should have the Dagon. And here he should have the lower part in the left.
And here they should have the tag and the lines. And you can't write, at least put the names, he
said. So I did the names.
Okay, so that's it. That's it. So this is my almost two days.
And I did, did this, made this plaques, made this. And I followed with this, kind of just thought,
I thought really to design long time ago, since last year.
But I couldn't do, and then at this time is approaching, I thought to put up there, this is what my
, one of my thought to have this prayer place post.
And so time is coming, and then, yes, design is five colors, which is five, five Muslims.
And so this is the blue, and then yellow, red, white, and this is the green, and this is kind of
like roughly there.
And so that's my brief stories, and now it's going to raise up with all the beautiful prayer pl
aques. Thank you, thank you.
Now you really, then, you all do. Well, we are, we are going to, most of the people, we are going
to experience and join the mantra of the Guru of Amma Sambhava.
and then you all for that. Thank you.